Docs/fix broken links (#108)
siemens/ix-docs: docs/home/releases/roadmap.md

# Roadmap

![Roadmap](https://www.figma.com/design/wEptRgAezDU1z80Cn3eZ0o/iX-Documentation-illustrations?node-id=6992-210&t=GqJuor09UDyRbxCY-4)

### ✅ Completed
**🔹 Release 4.0**: Updated elevation principle, button reworks on naming and rounded corners, new app header options, full compatibility with Angular 20 and AG Grid update. [Read more](/blog/2025/11/03/release-4)

### 🚧 In progress / Currently being worked on

- **Date-time selection**: Applying all enhancements from the date and time components to the combined date-time selection.
- **Styles and design tokens**: Introducing a new design token structure with clearer and consistent naming for colors. 
- **Accessibility for components**: Reviewing and adpating our components to meet the WCAG AA standards.

**🔹 Major release 5.0**: Planned for Q2 2026, see info on [release strategy](release-version.md).

### 🗓️ Scheduled / With tentative timeline

> - **Form elements update**: New styles for disabled and readonly states, aligned with Siemens brand guidelines.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Form elements update**: New styles for disabled and read-only states, aligned with Siemens brand guidelines.
```
